My project is meant to incorporate a conductive stretch sensing cord (https://www.adafruit.com/product/519) that would give data to the
arduino and thus to the LCD screen. I have woven the stretch cord into a swatch of knit fabric, with the purpose of measuring how much the
fabric has stretched. The arduino would hold code to convert the resistance readings from the stretch cord to length incriments in inches,
which would be displayed on the LCD. The final result would be able to inform the user of how much tension is in a piece of fabric, and 
more specifically how much the fabric piece should be alteres or reshaped in order to release that tension.

The larger application here is to automate the process of analyzing fit in garments. We have all experienced the phenomenon of trying to
put on clothes that don't fit, or standing in front of a dressing room mirror and thinking that something doesn't fit quite right, but
purchasing it anyway. This system, which I have branded Façonner, would use a more precise and advanced version of my homework set up in
order to tell the wearer of a compatable garment what exactly is wrong with the fit and how to correct it. 

Currently, in order to custom fit clothing, a trained tailor must analyze the fit and, using subjective desicion making, decide how to 
expand or contract different areas of the garment to fit the given body. The seamstress and tailor must invest a lot of time to manually
adjust the garment and also the design in order to create a whole new garment that fits better. 

A user of the Façonner system could wear a fitting garment, perhaps one similar to the "spanx" body contour garment currently on the market.
This garment would be able to quickly and automatically analyze the persons body and determine the appropriate sizing for the individual
user; data that could be used for then creating custom fitted clothing.

As for my current project, I have had success in measuing data from a flex sensor and having that correspond to the dimming and brightening
of an LED. I have encountered trouble when trying to jump from this to the LCD and a conversion of numbers. I have referenced code from
Top Tech Boy (http://www.toptechboy.com/arduino/lesson-20-arduino-lcd-project-for-measuring-distance-with-ultrasonic-sensor/) about using
an analog sensor with and LCD, and I have referenced code from instructables (http://www.instructables.com/id/How-to-use-a-Flex-Sensor-Arduino-Tutorial/)
about the flex sensor, but I've thus far failed to combine the two together to work with my project.

See subsequent upload with video of the working LED/Flex version of the project, as well as photos and videos of the new attempt.
